docs/deploying_apps/deploying_static_sites.md, before:

This section explains how to create and deploy a static HTML page. It's
worth testing that you can carry out this process before you try to deploy a dynamic app.

These steps assume you have already carried out the setup process explained in the [Quick Setup Guide](/getting_started/quick_setup_guide) section.

1. Create `index.html`:

    ``
    touch index.html
    ``

2. Add some markup to the `index.html` file:

    
        <html>
          <head>
            <title>Static Site</title>
          </head>
          <body>
            <p>Welcome to the static site!</p>
          </body>
        </html>
    

3. Create a `manifest.yml` which uses the [`staticfile_buildpack`](https://github.com/cloudfoundry/staticfile-buildpack):

        ---
        applications:
        - name: my-static-site
        memory: 64M
        buildpack: staticfile_buildpack
    
    Replace ``my-static-site`` with a unique name for your app.

    If the app name is not unique, you will get an error like this:

        Server error, status code: 400, error code: 210003, message: The host is taken: taken_name

    You can use ``cf apps`` to see the apps which are already running.

    If the static content is included in a different folder, you can add a `path` declaration, e.g. `path: dist` or `path: assets`.

4. From the directory where the `manifest.yml` file is, run:

    ``
    cf push
    ``
    
    If you do not specify an app name with the ``push`` command, the name  specified in the manifest file is used.

The site should now be live at `https://APPNAME.cloudapps.digital`.

If the static content you want to serve is in a different folder to `manifest.yml`, you can add a `path` declaration to `manifest.yml` e.g. `path: dist` or `path: /site/assets`.

##Adding more instances

For a production site, you should run at least two instances of the app to ensure availability.

You can add another instance of this static app by running:

``cf scale APPNAME -i 2``

Commit message:

Fixes for some issues found in user testing
User research of the on-boarding process produced the following
suggestions for changes to the guidance:

* Providing clear instructions on the use of the CF CLI[1]
* Simplify terminology on orgs and spaces[2]
* Clearer buildpack guidance[3]
* Warning when targeting spaces[4]

[1] https://www.pivotaltracker.com/story/show/125503561
[2] https://www.pivotaltracker.com/story/show/125537001
[3] https://www.pivotaltracker.com/story/show/125538631
[4] https://www.pivotaltracker.com/n/projects/1275640/stories/125541571

docs/deploying_apps/deploying_static_sites.md, after:

This section explains how to create and deploy a static HTML page. It's
worth testing that you can carry out this process before you try to deploy a more complex app.

When you deploy an app, you must select a combination of an organisation and a space (see [Orgs, Spaces and Targets](/deploying_apps/orgs_spaces_targets) for more information). This is called the **target**.

We have provided a ``sandbox`` space for you to use for learning about the PaaS. You may want to target the sandbox while you are testing by running:

``cf target -s sandbox``

It's also important to realise that if you deploy an app using the same name and target as an existing app, the original will be replaced. If you are not sure about where to deploy your app, consult the rest of your team.

These steps assume you have already carried out the setup process explained in the [Quick Setup Guide](/getting_started/quick_setup_guide) section.

1. In an empty directory, create an `index.html` file.

2. Add some markup to the `index.html` file:

    
        <html>
          <head>
            <title>Static Site</title>
          </head>
          <body>
            <p>Welcome to the static site!</p>
          </body>
        </html>
    

3. Create a `manifest.yml` file in the same directory. The manifest file tells 
   Cloud Foundry what to do with your app.

        ---
        applications:
        - name: my-static-site
        memory: 64M
        buildpack: staticfile_buildpack
    
    Replace ``my-static-site`` with a unique name for your app. (You can use ``cf apps`` to see apps which already exist).

    The `memory` line tells the PaaS how much memory to allocate to the app.

    A buildpack provides any framework and runtime support required by an app. If your app was written in Ruby, you would use ``ruby_buildpack``. In this case, we just want to serve a static file, so we use ``staticfile_buildpack``.

4. From the directory where the `manifest.yml` file is, run:

    ``
    cf push
    ``
    
    If you do not specify an app name with the ``push`` command, the name  specified in the manifest file is used.

The site should now be live at `https://APPNAME.cloudapps.digital`.

**Note:** The `http://` version of the URL will not work. You must enter `https://`.


##Adding more instances

For a production site, you should run at least two instances of the app to ensure availability.

You can add another instance of this static app by running:

``cf scale APPNAME -i 2``
