docs/deploying_apps/orgs_spaces_targets.md, before:

## Organisations

Your tenant account belongs to at least one **organisation** ("org" for short) within the PaaS. This typically represents the real-world organisation, department or team you work for. Your co-workers' tenant accounts will belong to the same org. 

To list the orgs your account can access, run:

``cf orgs``

To see details about an org, run:

``cf org ORGNAME``

where ORGNAME is the name of the org.

## Spaces

Each organisation is divided into one or more **spaces**, which are used to organise app development, deployment, and maintenance. For example, you might have spaces for development and production versions of your app.

Different accounts can have different permissions to access each space. For example, you may choose to grant a junior developer's account access to your ``development`` space, but not to ``production``. To set access, your account needs to have the ``OrgManager`` role; see the section below on [Managing spaces](#managing-spaces) for details.

To see the spaces you can access in your current org, run:

``cf spaces``

## Setting a target

To deploy an app, you need to specify a combination of an organisation and a space: this is called the **target**.

Set the target with:

``cf target -o ORGNAME -s SPACENAME``

Once you set the target, the Cloud Foundry client remembers it until you change it.

You can change space without changing org using:

``cf target -s SPACENAME``

## Managing spaces

You can create new spaces within an org if your account has the ``OrgManager`` role. To find out who has that role, run:

``cf org-users ORGNAME``

where ORGNAME is the name of the org. You will see a list of users and their roles.

If you don't have the ``OrgManager`` role and you need to create a new space,  you should ask a co-worker who is an ``OrgManager`` for your organisation. If you need the ``OrgManager`` role to be added to your account, contact us at [gov-uk-paas-support@digital.cabinet-office.gov.uk](mailto:gov-uk-paas-support@digital.cabinet-office.gov.uk).

As an ``OrgManager``, you can use:

``cf create-space SPACENAME -o ORGNAME`` 

to create a new space.

You will then need to grant access to any tenant accounts who should be able to use that space. You do this by assigning a role. In most cases, the role you will assign is ``SpaceDeveloper``, which gives the account an ability to deploy and manage apps in the specified space.

To grant access to a space to another account, run:

``cf set-space-role USERNAME ORGNAME SPACENAME ROLE``

The ``USERNAME`` is the email address the user logs in with when using the command line client.

For example, say you had just created a space called ``test`` within your org called ``acme``, and you wanted to grant your coworker ``ana@example.com`` to be able to use that space as a developer, you would run:

``cf set-space-role ana@example.com acme test SpaceDeveloper``


## Further reading

See the Cloud Foundry documentation on [Orgs, Spaces, Roles, and Permissions](https://docs.cloudfoundry.org/concepts/roles.html) [external link] for more details.

Commit message:

Add diagram showing org/space relationship
Basic diagram to make it easier to understand at a glance that spaces
fit inside orgs

docs/deploying_apps/orgs_spaces_targets.md, after:

## Organisations

Your tenant account belongs to at least one **organisation** ("org" for short) within the PaaS. This typically represents the real-world organisation, department or team you work for. Your co-workers' tenant accounts will belong to the same org. 

To list the orgs your account can access, run:

``cf orgs``

To see details about an org, run:

``cf org ORGNAME``

where ORGNAME is the name of the org.

## Spaces

Each organisation is divided into one or more **spaces**, which are used to organise app development, deployment, and maintenance. For example, you might have spaces for development and production versions of your app.

![Diagram showing that an organisation contains multiple spaces](/img/org-spaces.png)

Different accounts can have different permissions to access each space. For example, you may choose to grant a junior developer's account access to your ``development`` space, but not to ``production``. To set access, your account needs to have the ``OrgManager`` role; see the section below on [Managing spaces](#managing-spaces) for details.

To see the spaces you can access in your current org, run:

``cf spaces``

## Setting a target

To deploy an app, you need to specify a combination of an organisation and a space: this is called the **target**.

Set the target with:

``cf target -o ORGNAME -s SPACENAME``

Once you set the target, the Cloud Foundry client remembers it until you change it.

You can change space without changing org using:

``cf target -s SPACENAME``

## Managing spaces

You can create new spaces within an org if your account has the ``OrgManager`` role. To find out who has that role, run:

``cf org-users ORGNAME``

where ORGNAME is the name of the org. You will see a list of users and their roles.

If you don't have the ``OrgManager`` role and you need to create a new space,  you should ask a co-worker who is an ``OrgManager`` for your organisation. If you need the ``OrgManager`` role to be added to your account, contact us at [gov-uk-paas-support@digital.cabinet-office.gov.uk](mailto:gov-uk-paas-support@digital.cabinet-office.gov.uk).

As an ``OrgManager``, you can use:

``cf create-space SPACENAME -o ORGNAME`` 

to create a new space.

You will then need to grant access to any tenant accounts who should be able to use that space. You do this by assigning a role. In most cases, the role you will assign is ``SpaceDeveloper``, which gives the account an ability to deploy and manage apps in the specified space.

To grant access to a space to another account, run:

``cf set-space-role USERNAME ORGNAME SPACENAME ROLE``

The ``USERNAME`` is the email address the user logs in with when using the command line client.

For example, say you had just created a space called ``test`` within your org called ``acme``, and you wanted your coworker ``ana@example.com`` to be able to use that space as a developer, you would run:

``cf set-space-role ana@example.com acme test SpaceDeveloper``


## Further reading

See the Cloud Foundry documentation on [Orgs, Spaces, Roles, and Permissions](https://docs.cloudfoundry.org/concepts/roles.html) [external link] for more details.
