docs/overview/quick_start_guide.md, before:

## Getting an account
PaaS is currently in private beta and aims to host its first applications in June 2016.

If you are part of the private beta but don't have an account or if you’d like to be one of the early applications in the future, please contact us by emailing [gov-uk-paas-support@digital.cabinet-office.gov.uk](mailto:gov-uk-paas-support@digital.cabinet-office.gov.uk).

## Setting up the command line
As a tenant, nearly all of your interactions with Cloud Foundry will be through the command line. To get it set up:

1. [Install the Cloud Foundry CLI](https://docs.cloudfoundry.org/devguide/installcf/install-go-cli.html).
2. Confirm the installation by running

    ```
    cf -v
    ```

    *Note:* depending on your network configuration you might need to [set an ```HTTP_PROXY``` environment variable](https://docs.cloudfoundry.org/cf-cli/http-proxy.html) for the CLI to connect. Contact your network administrators to work out the correct settings for your configuration.  

3. Log in by running:

    ```
    cf login -a api.cloud.service.gov.uk -u USERNAME
    ```

Your `USERNAME` is your email address your account was created with.

## CF CLI
Once logged in you can see the available commands by running ```cf```.

## Deploying a test app
To practice deploying an app, try following the [deploying a static site](/deploying_apps/deploying_static_sites/) process.

Commit message:

Explain orgs/spaces in setup
delete 'concepts' page

docs/overview/quick_start_guide.md, after:

## Getting an account
PaaS is currently in private beta and aims to host its first applications in June 2016.

If you are part of the private beta but don't have an account or if you’d like to be one of the early applications in the future, please contact us by emailing [gov-uk-paas-support@digital.cabinet-office.gov.uk](mailto:gov-uk-paas-support@digital.cabinet-office.gov.uk).

## Setting up the command line
As a tenant, nearly all of your interactions with Cloud Foundry will be through the command line. To get it set up:

1. [Install the Cloud Foundry CLI](https://docs.cloudfoundry.org/devguide/installcf/install-go-cli.html).
2. Confirm the installation by running

    ```
    cf -v
    ```

    *Note:* depending on your network configuration you might need to [set an ```HTTP_PROXY``` environment variable](https://docs.cloudfoundry.org/cf-cli/http-proxy.html) for the CLI to connect. Contact your network administrators to work out the correct settings for your configuration.  

3. Log in by running:

    ```
    cf login -a api.cloud.service.gov.uk -u USERNAME
    ```

Your `USERNAME` is your email address your account was created with.

You will then be prompted to enter your password, which 

Once logged in you can see the available commands by running ```cf```.

## Organisations and spaces

Your tenant account belongs to one or more organisations ("orgs" for short). Orgs group together CF users for management and present a shared perimeter for services, domains and quotas.

To list available orgs, run:

``cf orgs``

To see details about an org, run:

``cf org ORGNAME``

where ORGNAME is the name of the org.

Each org contains one or more spaces. Applications in the same space share a location for app development, deployment, and maintenance.

To see the spaces in your current org, run:

``cf spaces``

The Cloud Foundry CLI keeps a global state of the organisation and space you're currently interacting with. This is known as the "target", and is set via:

``cf target -o ORGNAME -s SPACENAME``

You will need to set a target before you deploy your app.

## Deploying a test app
To practice deploying an app, try following the [deploying a static site](/deploying_apps/deploying_static_sites/) process.
