docs/getting_started/privacy.md, before:

This privacy policy relates to the data we store about you as a PaaS tenant. It does not relate to the privacy of the end users of any service you host on the PaaS: you are responsible for the data stored by your service.

## Introduction

Government Platform as a Service (PaaS) is provided by the Government Digital Service (GDS), which is part of the [Cabinet Office](https://www.gov.uk/government/organisations/cabinet-office). We use your personal data to provide you with access to PaaS systems, and to administer that access.

This privacy policy explains the kinds of data that we process, how it’s used, how it’s stored, how it’s protected and how you can find out about it.

## The data we process

We collect and process some data about you to provide you with access to PaaS systems, as part of your work on HMG services and products that utilise the PaaS platform.

This data includes:

+ your name - so we know who is using the account
+ your email address - which allows us to contact you about your account
+ your mobile telephone number - which allows us to contact you about your account, and in future, support multi-factor authentication
+ your organisational role - which allows us to understand what you do, and what access you should have

## How we use and share your data

We use this information to create and administer user accounts with our platform.

We don’t share this information with anyone else.

We will store the data you provide in order for your user account with PaaS to function correctly, and so we can administer that access - including sending you updates and notices.

We will delete your personal data when your user account is no longer required. We keep records of the user account activity for up to an additional 2 years.

## Where we store your data

We store your data on our servers in the European Union. We’ll never transfer or your data on servers outside of the European Economic Area.

This means you are covered by EU Data Protection regulations. 

## Keeping your data secure

We are committed to protecting the information you provide. We ensure that appropriate steps are taken to prevent the disclosure, theft or unauthorised modification of your information. We understand how important it is to protect personal data and other sensitive information. This includes encrypting the data, as well as ensuring that data is sent via encrypted channels (such as Transport Layer Security). We have procedures and security features in place to try and keep your data secure once we receive it.

Because it’s impossible to guarantee data security, any data you transmit is at your own risk.

We won’t share your information with any other organisations for marketing, market research or commercial purposes, and we will only share your information with other organisations to make it possible to facilitate and administer platform functionality.

## Disclosing your information

We will usually only share your information as set out above.

Additionally, we may pass on your data if we have a lawful reason to do so, for example as part of a criminal investigation or fraud prevention activity.

## Your rights and how to make a complaint

You can [find out what information we hold about you](https://www.gov.uk/data-protection), and ask us not to use any of the information we collect.

You can email us on [gov-uk-paas-support@digital.cabinet-office.gov.uk](mailto:gov-uk-paas-support@digital.cabinet-office.gov.uk). You’ll get a confirmation within 5 working days that we have received your complaint, and a full answer within 20 working days. We will inform you if there’s going to be a delay.

If you’re unhappy with the answer you receive, or need any advice regarding the use of your personal data, you can contact the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO), [https://ico.org.uk/](https://ico.org.uk/).

Commit message:

Add that if policy changes, tenants will be notified

docs/getting_started/privacy.md, after:

This privacy policy relates to the data we store about you as a Government PaaS tenant. It does not relate to the privacy of the end users of any service you host on the PaaS: you are responsible for the data stored by your service.

If this privacy policy changes, all PaaS tenants will be notified.

## Introduction

Government Platform as a Service (PaaS) is provided by the Government Digital Service (GDS), which is part of the [Cabinet Office](https://www.gov.uk/government/organisations/cabinet-office). We use your personal data to provide you with access to PaaS systems, and to administer that access.

This privacy policy explains the kinds of data that we process, how it’s used, how it’s stored, how it’s protected and how you can find out about it.

## The data we process

We collect and process some data about you to provide you with access to PaaS systems, as part of your work on HMG services and products that utilise the PaaS platform.

This data includes:

+ your name - so we know who is using the account
+ your email address - which allows us to contact you about your account
+ your mobile telephone number - which allows us to contact you about your account, and in future, support multi-factor authentication
+ your organisational role - which allows us to understand what you do, and what access you should have

## How we use and share your data

We use this information to create and administer user accounts with our platform.

We don’t share this information with anyone else.

We will store the data you provide in order for your user account with PaaS to function correctly, and so we can administer that access - including sending you updates and notices.

We will delete your personal data when your user account is no longer required. We keep records of the user account activity for up to an additional 2 years.

## Where we store your data

We store your data on our servers in the European Union. We’ll never transfer or your data on servers outside of the European Economic Area.

This means you are covered by EU Data Protection regulations. 

## Keeping your data secure

We are committed to protecting the information you provide. We ensure that appropriate steps are taken to prevent the disclosure, theft or unauthorised modification of your information. We understand how important it is to protect personal data and other sensitive information. This includes encrypting the data, as well as ensuring that data is sent via encrypted channels (such as Transport Layer Security). We have procedures and security features in place to try and keep your data secure once we receive it.

Because it’s impossible to guarantee data security, any data you transmit is at your own risk.

We won’t share your information with any other organisations for marketing, market research or commercial purposes, and we will only share your information with other organisations to make it possible to facilitate and administer platform functionality.

## Disclosing your information

We will usually only share your information as set out above.

Additionally, we may pass on your data if we have a lawful reason to do so, for example as part of a criminal investigation or fraud prevention activity.

## Your rights and how to make a complaint

You can [find out what information we hold about you](https://www.gov.uk/data-protection), and ask us not to use any of the information we collect.

You can email us on [gov-uk-paas-support@digital.cabinet-office.gov.uk](mailto:gov-uk-paas-support@digital.cabinet-office.gov.uk). You’ll get a confirmation within 5 working days that we have received your complaint, and a full answer within 20 working days. We will inform you if there’s going to be a delay.

If you’re unhappy with the answer you receive, or need any advice regarding the use of your personal data, you can contact the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO), [https://ico.org.uk/](https://ico.org.uk/).
